Update Weaviate Overview (#17488)
DataDog/integrations-core: weaviate/README.md

# Agent Check: Weaviate

![Weaviate Overview Dashboard][16]

## Overview

> Weaviate is an open source, AI-native vector database that helps create AI-powered applications. With Datadog’s Weaviate integration, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Weaviate is an open source, AI-native vector database that helps create AI-powered applications. With Datadog's Weaviate integration, you can:
```

Author: Thanks for catching that @brett0000FF!
